Don't Panic.
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
Space is big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is.
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.
In the beginning, the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
The Answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything is 42.
It's a tough galaxy. If you want to survive, you've got to know where your towel is.
The chances of finding out what's really going on in the universe are so remote, the only thing to do is hang the sense of it and keep yourself occupied.
So long, and thanks for all the fish.
Ford, you're turning into a penguin. Stop it.
If there's anything more important than my ego around, I want it caught and shot now.
This must be Thursday. I never could get the hang of Thursdays.
I'd far rather be happy than right any day.
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't.
The best conversation is one where you don't have to say a word.
Life is wasted on the living.
The first ten million years were the worst, and the second ten million years, they were the worst too.
To summarize: it is a well-known fact that those people who must want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it.
Reality is frequently inaccurate.
Anything that is in the world when you're born is normal and ordinary and is just a natural part of the way the world works. Anything that's invented between when you're fifteen and thirty-five is new and exciting and revolutionary and you can probably get a career in it.
He hoped and prayed that there wasn't an afterlife. Then he realized there was a contradiction involved here and merely hoped that there wasn't an afterlife.
The Guide says there is an art to flying, or rather a knack. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes.
I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer.
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
I'd like to say that it was easy, that I just sailed through it like a bird. But I didn't.
He felt that his whole life was some kind of dream, and he sometimes wondered whose it was and whether they were enjoying it.
He attacked everything in life with a mix of extraordinary genius and naive incompetence, and it was often difficult to tell which was which.
The last time anybody made a list of the top hundred character attributes of New Yorkers, common sense snuck in at number 79.
The major difference between a thing that might go wrong and a thing that cannot possibly go wrong is that when a thing that cannot possibly go wrong goes wrong, it usually turns out to be impossible to get at or repair.